check and turn between the next
Candidate sees who is in search of a kiss
All right, it's good that here in Flemish is
This is the way to go.
the beach was okay but lei
It's okay you'd get two girls in the
same night
looks Celson boy angel I think
profile was a woman only 12 months
not
so the episode actually happened
in fact I did not know they were sisters
what kind different then not physically
looked di and ended up rolling with a
and I stayed for a while and then it was over
rolling with the other and you're a
healthy habits
so now I'm looking yes now I
I have changed because the food but
not so much this time he likes to write
poems not poems
so I'm a teacher, I do not like
romance likes to read rather dry taste
can do a poem scheduled test
can i time can be a move
I will do want to see want to make a 15
seconds or now it may now be
functions now I want is love is like a
moon when it grows diminishes the mark is to be
stupid together
the acer study together came here now
talking on the moon stands on top of the star
only show parts of your body to the
Girls, let's see where they 're going to show.
I know that they photographed the hand we're from.
side that the best person from home even
that the hand that comes from him is this
She is engaged in that line, but not one
tattoo
the tattoo
when does a bathing suit
it's his ear
the little legs god
Do not you see, we've seen it all now, you.
You have 15 seconds to convince them to
turn
good luck for you time on video 15
seconds
wesley saints close with girls
I came here with a purpose I did
birthday recently and my goal
today's birthday gift to win
the heart of one of you and I hope
this happens today and it's time for the Lord
unfortunately did not give thanks wesley
You can leave, please come
between the next candidate who
come there